OK so let's add some style of this because it's really really ugly.
Kind of makes no sense.
So we're going to style first to Hetter so I'm going to go right here and put the letter.
OK.
Now I'm going to make.
I'm going to just make reference to that tack.
It's going to be better.
And then we just have some style.
I'm going to use a different font.
So it's going to be font family.
And then we will add more on it on there are good.
That's good.
And remember that you can get the section from could have everything all the section it's about styles.
So if you want to skip it I probably just copy the code and just paste it.
No no problem.
So it's going to be text align.
And the next line is going to be Center.
That's good.
It's going to center and you can add a phone size I'm going to make it bigger.
So it's going to be font size.
And then just thirty three pixels.
OK.
We want to split everything up.
So it's going to have a border bottom of one pixel solid and then just that that nice nice blue.
It's done 1 2 1 9 6 3 go.
So we want to change the background to the color of the logo.
So we're going to use something 9 4 9 4 9 4.
It's kind of a gray color that so up close at 0 0.
They're going to do that OK.
So it looks nice.
I kind of really like it.
So you're done with it.
Are you going to add some styles to the artist Viola.
So I'm going to make a reference right here to this.
So we're going to make reference to the artist by a class going to go Dot artist then underscore bio.
And this one is going to have a box sizing of borderer box and that just padding of 10 pixels from the
sides.
I'm sorry from the top and bottom and 30 from the sides so we can kind of center everything that looks
nicer.
So we're going to style this fan.
This fan is the one that contains the Avatar.
It's going to say artist bio dad Avatar Avatar Dadds spam.
Not spam.
It's it's a it's an element not a class.
So get inside the span.
What we do we're going to add with of 130 pixels something like that.
And then just the height height of the same thing.
So we can make an MC round square you know stuttering.
So we're going to say this play and blog OK let's get going to add.
Zero zero hour.
So everything is center.
That's good.
And we're going to just set the background something the backroom size so we can content we can make
it make everything to cover that elements.
So we're going to say background and then just size and they cover of course we do important Lego looks
nice.
So now let's start style the H-3 three.
It's going to be artist than bio and H-3.
All right.
So going to make it a little bit bigger it's going to be fawn's than waif and we're going to make it
10 and text align center
and really like it.
I don't know.
I feel really confident this size and then we're going to make it a little bit bigger.
Pixels.
MARGARET And we're going to add some margin just to split everything up from bottom and top from top
and bottom and then zero pixels from side.
Yeah looks nice.
I really like it.
It could be a designer you know.
OK.
So we say artists video and then just bio.
Do fonts font white Phong to wait and going to be just really then we're going to do 100.
And then a fun size Let's make it a little bit bigger font size of 14 pixels.
You know I really really like it you know.
OK.
So it looks nice.
So let's go to the next section and call to this create the list.
Just create a component to load the map over the album list.